Selvan Chidambaram
Exp : 15
DevOps : 6months

SHweta
3 yrs
Automation Engineer , Atrium &SCORCH


Anjin
10 yrs of exp
13+ past exp

Kumaran
10+ Lotus Development


Vobatune
13 yrs - Medical Imaging

Sreekanth
Exp : 13 yeras
DevOps : 6 months

Sriram
15 years,
No devops,I'm managing projects in Java & .Net

Nirav
Exp 12
Senior PM HDFC

Shyam Maggo
15 years
IT, Azure .net Java

Anwar
IT Management

Mailtrupti
Trupti Ghule, exp: 16 years , No past expr related to course. Worked in Peoplesoft all experience

Shobhi
Hi Shobha Thomas here...Come with about 9.9yrs exp as configuration management analyst ( SCCM & DELL  KACE).New to Devops and no nothing about it...i want to shift to AWS & Devops..is it possible to switch as i m in gap of career now?????

Dodji
from dodji Gomez to All Participants:
My name is Dodji. I Have 9 years experience in the industry. i nam new to Devops. Prteparing for my AWS solutions Architect exam as well.
Oracle DBA / SQL SERVER

Lakshmi kanta maiti
IT system administrator
9 years Exp


Anjin
Dynatrace ,HP Performacne ceneter ,Loadrunner,Splunk,Jmeter,Git Nagios

Samiran
This is Samiran Mondal. Total 14 years experience. From Bangalore. no experience in development or dev ops. I am from IT infrastructure background. Have worked in AWS, Azure,GCP and in house infra. I am attending the course to get hands on for Dev Ops so that I can perform my job better while working in modern IT infra

Sanjay 
20 years expereince, 12 months on Azure Devops 2019 (VSTS), CI/CD pipelines, Program Manager

Hi This is Mahendra-->
Working on ETL Datastage -->have 6 years of experience

from Sammoses.jcb to All Participants:
Sam 8+ yrs exp in vmware. New to Devops

rom Anuvarghese74 to All Participants:
Overall 5 years experience but nothing related to technology.
I've been in to Service desk support for couple of years and then into User Administration and Compliance.
DevOps is totally new to me. Starting from scratch. No knowledge about java.

Pradeep This Side, having 8.5 yrs of ex in support and admin
SQL Server DBA

Ayoowolabi 
1 year in Scrum master